---
title: "2023"
permalink: /programmes/cce-prog-and-passion-modules/permalink/
description: ""
third_nav_title: CCE Prog & PASSION Modules
---
<b>Juying P.A.S.S.I.O.N Learning Experiences 
Our Learning for Life Programme (LLP) in PASSION</b> aims to develop ‘Self-directed and intrinsically motivated learners through PASSION’. Our LLP has a holistic framework that focuses on the 5Es – Engage, Excite, Explore, Enrich and Empower. All our programmes aim to engage the heads, hearts and hands of all our JYians, excite them through exciting learning experiences, allow them to explore local and global issues, enrich them with enriching knowledge and skills and empower them as young advocates who will advocate for positive changes, be it in school or in the community. JYians also get a chance to co-create lessons with teachers in these three aspects – content, product and process. These are the 21st century competencies that will enable them to thrive in the dynamic yet uncertain future. 

The Tier 1 LLP programmes, which target at all the students in each cohort, include the PASSION-themed Assembly Talks, PASSION modules and PASSION SPARK! Day and VIA projects, which JYians from lower secondary and upper secondary respectively must ideate in teams to showcase their learning and advocate for a topic of their interest or be a voice for specific people in the society.

The year-long PASSION curriculum is offered to the Secondary One and Two cohorts. JYians get to choose a module of their choice from one of the following PASSION categories offered – **PASSION Connoisseur, PASSION Ideator, PASSION Rejuvenator and PASSION Builder**. 

In <b>2023</b>, we offered <b>14 modules</b> for JYians to choose from. JYians get to enjoy learning journeys, engage in dialogues with invited guest speakers, embark on research and investigation, do data collection and analysis, and undergo ICT and ALP training. This programme allows students to interact with and make new friends across streams and cohorts, develop project management competencies as well as hone their social emotional competencies. 

<p>...</p>
<p><b>NATURE MODULE</b></p>
JYians from Nature Module exploring the flora and fauna found at Jurong Lake Garden. They were awed when they found out more about the ‘neighbours’ of theirs! 

...

Besides exploring Jurong Lake Garden, JYians from the Nature PASSION module also got to hear more about the flora and fauna found in Singapore and beyond. Our invited guest also spoke about why development of flats also has great impact on the bio-diversity and their eco systems. 

<p>...</p>
<p><b>ARTS AND WATER-COLOURING MODULE</b></p>
Our Arts and Water-colouring PASSION modules allow students to delve into more drawing and colouring techniques. The JYians got a chance to indulge themselves in an immersive experience at the Van Gogh exhibition together. 

<p>...</p>
<p><b>VALUES-DRIVEN FITNESS MODULE</b></p>
How may we hone values through fitness? Values-driven Fitness module is the most sort-after by the JYians this year. Many of them came together to know more about keeping fit through various exercises. Besides delving deeper into volleyball as a sport, they also went on learning journey to Bounce Studio to learn more about keeping fit through fun sports. 

<p>...</p>
<p><b>INCLUSIVE TECHNOLOGY</b></p>
After making a trip to the Enabling Village and getting inspired by the inclusive self-help tools at TechAble, our JYians from the Inclusive Technology started to learn more about design thinking as well as product design. They got their hands dirty in creating prototypes that enable people with disability to be independent. 

<p>...</p>
<p><b>PUBLICATIONS FOR ELDERLY</b></p>
Before they embark on publication of a book featuring the stories of the elderly, it is important to build empathy in them. Thus, the JYians from the Publications for Elderly module were engaged in some experiential learning activities before heading out to the elder home to conduct activities for the elderly.